principal sonic continuity Jada tensions
in Kentucky area
Virginia Tech namjoon kitchen captain
Dalton trauma Heba the garden which
adopts in Virginia part number drama in
pathology Monica beneficent intentando
to tell Chaney centrosome nee-san no
continuity tomorrow at Ravenna groans
Tom Thibodeau Johnson in King Kansa in
do Denis tarakanov hoc some to Tennessee
a patellar tendon a simple patent Tipton
Daytona Haven son Amnon reguiariy son
Tennyson a embossed yo palatini Tennyson
ondimba
Melbourne Chandra sunburn I think tense
Osaka $10 on te arawa neba
Dennis novel Andrew Young 110 HS male on
a burrito ten items eg Pokemon attendre
la Superdrug
Danny koker Sampo yo buddy Anthony
Moran's okay
Tanner long Hugo you worried and some
Arctic son Luke alone day you're born oh
yeah turn ROG
so now we we are receiving Dharma
teachings until explaining the
buddhadharma and receiving teachings of
the Buddha Dharma and so now since I'm
the one explaining the Dharma teachings
teaching them even if I'm not able to
always engage in practice on an ongoing
basis when I am teaching the Dharma I
must change my motivation and really
think that I want to benefit everyone
who is listening to these teachings so I
try to really cultivate such a
motivation and then on your part the one
who is listening to the teachings
you should not regard the Dharma
teaching as some kind of entertaining
spectacle or or just some normal class
or so but actually think that I'm
listening to the teachings for the
benefit of all mother sentient beings
limitless space and so this is the
motivation we have to try to cultivate
and we listen and explain the teachings
and so since we all are practitioners
after Mahayana therefore if we just have
this short time for an hour for example
as a Mahayana practitioner if we engage
in this hour with this motivation then
whether we teach the Dharma or listen to
the Dharma there will be a great result
from that because through these words of
the Dharma and listening to the Dharma
then great merit is actually
accomplished and no then everything that
you think of will be accomplished in
this life even for example you will have
a longer lifespan and fewer illnesses
and your cavities be successful and in
future lifetimes you attain
personally higher realms and then a
state of omniscience so as a
practitioner here we have an opportunity
for that and therefore it is important
that we use this time taking up this
opportunity by cultivating such an
excellent motivation tanida learning so
diamond rank nongak john de tomar Lola
Jacques - Terry the tomboy check catchy
then cannot see the young scientist even
young cassava Tom Nando Alana my partner
[Music]
coherence or tre dici by injury
Anthony children tinker our training
work of soo young Tyrone darling subdue
matatini later in Tangier andrea
meringue camino de Loup de mer and
Rowena young Tito and Tim JJ
Sarkis - tsunami padam penny pallet is
here control auntie Alice rotten Rock
cocoa pod appear soon on Jimbo in some
creatine in Toronto at the La Casona
chamber you do
meringue content open Jazeera Hugh
in the 37 bodhisattva practices is
actually a text that that was actually
the first text that i had memorized when
first starting to study the buddhadharma
and now Robert is giving teachings on
this text and actually the more
teachings here on this text the deeper
more profound my understanding becomes
and the inner meaning of this text is
really really unsurpassed and probably
you have similar experience and so I
also now have answered some I've had the
opportunity to answer some questions and
and also share some words on the
thirty-seven practices that whenever we
go into that then the understanding
becomes increasingly deep and profound
and I find that having an opportunity to
do that is a great merit and so so I
also considered you process great merit
and I rejoice in that the Train Marin's
okay something level table booked on a
test a unis searched the North Chad ogea
so today I will speak a bit about team
those two chapters on meditative
concentration the parameters of
meditative concentration and wisdom
tanida something live rock lived a solo
in Lonnie assumed you Surry County song
soo jin dal-rae ripple on the tangent I
belong to Greece one pondering time ta
ta da matta minguk linear time since I
belong to Greece anyone boy taught him
bottom Chi
typical internal Iranian ah wah yuh come
inna fatahna in a young coconut marine
around tamago yo party Pamina
Denise Angie I am Sania chrome hit they
were reporting between drawing I Omar a
young reporter san martin by the party
book a motto la da da marie
martin de Botton repast endeavour tony
dynamically paradiddle under the name
around super calumny cannot know
something las Cuates way young sealant
on toe tickler tunes 18 hungry so now
speaking of this the parameters of
meditative concentration and wisdom is
like a path of of knowledge where we are
introduced to this knowledge and there's
much to be said about that in general it
is said that the teachings are given
depending on the mental capacity and
that the path of imparting knowledge is
meant mainly for those with the highest
or sharp mental faculties and then for
those with medium mental faculties there
is the path of the oral instructions and
the pith instructions and then for the
rest there is the path of faith and
devotion and so this is how it is that
in general but then actually one also
cannot say that if someone is of highest
mental faculty one can do away with
faith and devotion and likewise one can
also not say that if one is of a lower
capacity that one doesn't need any
knowledge so all is necessary for
everyone willing because if
you like face then you will just not
engage in Dharma practice so I'm only
relying on knowledge is not sufficient
but also I'm having no knowledge and
only faith also will not be able to
bring you to a decisive understanding of
the teachings so we need a union of
knowledge and faith and so through the
development of knowledge we come to
today we are introduced to the state of
my passion or a special insight that we
then realized based on practice tennis
as something wrapped in a chuck supa not
so curse each our Gina the sandwich Sala
guna any chatter soup I go by Hindu then
something to hear on your card embody
the name composer dog Sunday me pray on
Jeremy Jeremy pray on some Timmy then a
some tea kama
teeny ship sea by Jones will not eat our
supper juice on at the Northumberland
something to hear on near latina then he
consumed sort of a on the knee knock G
and naan khatai Jonah Hill on some coke
on choppa the night each other
open Contenta journey intercultural
imaging seen there is no not sure you
know column some camera G Aconcagua Tina
Choi una to the nimac lamps on Kandra
something the here on una then called
jams which embody our dinner here Namsan
category so
some meditation and wisdom are like the
right and the left wings of a bird if
you want to fly to the state of
Buddhahood we need two wings and so both
are important meditation and system
Nagarjuna had said if you have no
meditation you won't have wisdom you
have no wisdom you won't have meditation
so they they mutually need each other
also then continious saying that now if
you have meditation and wisdom then the
ocean of samsara will be dried out just
like the footprint of a yak is being
dried out when the Sun shines so the
water that collects in a footprint of a
yak will be tried out as soon as the Sun
shines so in a similar way through
meditation the perfection of meditation
and wisdom the this vast ocean of
samsara of the three realms of samsara
will become dried out
Santi later litera simple funky
precision szumigala under the eye
something impersonal means 39k tombow
something Latin Kings in Latin dinelli
artisan son Sanjay don't occupy in
bondage 18 quality called yesterday
quorum w debauchery 10 the tambour
misogyny rub the deans of anak Istanbul
in ecology a query so then first to
begin with meditation so that verse says
29 it says disturbing emotions are
destroyed by inside grounded in calm
abiding some calm abiding and meditative
concentration so often there's these
terms of
meditative concentration or no Samadhi
concentration or schemata calm abiding
and often these terms are used
interchangeably are taught as having the
same meaning but also they are explains
having like thirsty also stages to them
and so we begin first with the state of
calm abiding 13s teenie geenie John
Nichols annuity neurons okay same day
you are young money Danny Kahneman
o'clock we're she needs Ontario the
Netanyahu same day you were gonna go
patrol upon a Paula the nyalam Margaret
title Monday rambha in a no-go you
return androgyny massamba Anna the
neurons which Genelia tend to kill
Morris Chanel drama table I know the
name on something levity emergency
Georgia to kill Morris some did you know
Marty Vienna then a new mobile hotspot a
new page on z-component elevated Juliet
aqua me buried some deulim a divine sign
the anybody so schemata come abiding is
first of all the mind must be able to
abide and sustain a tranquil and calm
state thought free state and in order to
dwell within such tranquil state to
achieve such a state of abiding there
are nine different methods and it's
important to follow them
I'm step by step if one doesn't do that
and then vomit a calm abiding will not
be accomplished schemata is not a calm
meditative concentration or meditative
absorption will not arise and if that
doesn't arise then the inside especially
inside of in husana that that actually
is than the antidote to the afflictive
emotions will also not arise and if we
passionate us not arise one cannot
attain enlightenment neuron suka same
data center put pooja 19 shoddy or a
pungent echo Mela submission challahs
amnesia the dark G harmonic numbers each
other till the pool change on the pommel
and repair and we some Saturn to launch
one town Tello supertaça rava 1089 human
ahsoka tompa sempai
yoku Appa Nia terrible Marin cetera
consumed London Zoo Kazumi comes or
Kamsa martini marrinson duper come a
trauma center Hajin karappa karappa the
new your lapel don't own a maxi pad
rocket electron cha-cha-cha-da-cha
Toninho Shiva the drug Tantra
cha-cha-cha-da-cha cha-cha-cha-da-cha
the an I think
indicator is a la super super 8 and R&D
that cilantro devil 18 the neutronium
query Danny Nepali you bardotta yo
polymer particle and the velocity anya
20 euro Jenny Perotti
Jim Joe Hana the same number um new moon
th anneandsandra
its efficacy in the were not any new
mobile IATA sonic Chiana each other
called shogun Dunedin
- Anita Trinity talks on Sunday Denise
oh chair model media wonder what you are
Veneziano monotone degree Amundson agora
music capsule
Santino a-team Naga CEO at the cognate
on Tina so the undertaking was
Ghidorah total heart in order to Russia
49 Hindi will not answer Sen Tian turns
on tightening around solar nebula new
mobile key to know each other you
operate the in determines didn't tell it
it did on junghwa you more body Tirana
here you Monty returned on it so
currently our mind is like the mind of a
child so a child doesn't know what to be
careful about to be careful about fire
or water it doesn't know what it should
and what it should do as a parent needs
to teach all of that step by step to the
child how to eat food how to dress and
so forth and so in a similar way we need
to gradually train the mind to abide I'm
still in a tranquil state and so we
speak about this free realms of samsara
the desire Rama form RAM and formless
ram and in the desire realm Revere at
them mind of beings is extremely coarse
very coarse and that means that when we
see an object then immediately we are
attracted to it we are taken over by the
object or when you hear a sound to the
sound immediately takes you over you
right away you go there so it's not that
we are ready to be taken over where we
will always be taken over and so the
same applies to any of the other sense
objects like
touch and smell and so forth is the same
so we we have a very strong grasping at
the true existence of things actually do
not exist and also we deny the existence
of existing things and so on in the
poetry of a theorem it says then the
mind of a distracted person that a
distracted mind too distracted mind the
afflictive emotions like kind of kind of
bitey or kind of um thank you it like
this like a like a like a kind of like
an animal with fangs you know it just um
it just takes you and grabs you and
bites you and so just like and then that
that means that the test of your
awareness just like when no one you like
right into like you know if you take it
when the mosquito it dies for example so
anyways i'm what it means is that the
afflictive emotions we just ready to be
distracted all the time they are always
distracted and that's why the afflictive
emotion just completely overtake us the
afflictive emotions are like these fangs
that overtake us down by your front
right and some yoni
it's simple cargo you're married then
ignorance okay soon-jong much a teeny
japan re same king or charged in don DET
told a saint martin bunju
tellin tombow tellin japa japa laqueer
sinigang component japa their drama
drama component metal column ambassador
tina human much of the same thing about
the toilet on Burma Giavotella non
Jabba's so first we need to stop this
awareness from being protected outward
all the time going outward but we don't
do that in a forceful way so what we've
stoom is enough the first of those nine
nine steps of calm abiding of placing
the mind of settling the mind is we
place an object a small object before us
in front of us and then we we fix it our
mind on to that object that is the first
step of those nine steps of mental
abiding and it's called the the placing
inward in a placement and so that is
just like a bee settles on flower so it
comes to rest on a flower and so just
like that the mind settles on this
object it because it comes to rest on
this object so that's the inner
placement the June June 10 jebaited
University Tito latina Yangtze Yangtze
Yaga irrelevant to my yoga very tense
Sequoia 10k a young San Joaquin Valley
in China take intimate Italian say my
polygons marooned on Tina Johnson
Giavotella in June do Paulo Curie dylan
doebelin do Pilate consent pathology
Yount in it's a wrong turn away
impotence am beyond the me particle
injure my yoga at a lock with lint in
your pot sir then there's the second
step is to the continuous placement and
so is that not enough to just place your
mind on the object and then again become
distracted but once you there mind rests
with the object it has to stay there so
you have to sustain that continuum by
like sustaining keeping it keep it going
so you continue it on so that is the
second step
continuous placement and then the third
step is like steam kind of returning
placement where when the mind has become
distracted and goes outward then you
stop the outward distraction and bring
the mind back to its object Japan
Evangeline your dual layer data here
Linda Yonsei on Sturgis on yachts on
Thomas ok shibata's rule entrada a MOBA
to enjoy a generic you Mary tell us what
a gubernatorial Rita Sumatra goobers
dissimilar at the same multiple child
telugu gopika chamber Samata la la
pedrera near Samarra patina to support
economy party need a yacht a sip amoeba
tell a simple member jttours lara
yaha jankoji Tamiya chain silom a
cylinder charity similar Appa see what
remote isn't any better current at
Elinor tashieka particle attend some
people on attorney for our town didn't a
my buggy code better Quran Denis amoeba
Starwood teeny bite on the waterless
single trauma
similar camera recorded meritorious a
towel I added birth total know your de
Scott a simple me by York such a lot
Sarah still number four is team the
close placement and so that is after you
have from repeated steps three over and
over again of bringing your mind again
and again back to the object so
sometimes what happens then is that we
don't even notice that the consciousness
is distracted outward and that's
actually one fault of calm abiding that
arise
us there's basically two faults that can
arise in karma fighting and that is
mental heck sinking and one is mental
agitation mental sinking is when you
lose your mental clarity and that's it's
very important to recognize that and to
this loss of clarity there are actually
two kinds the subtle and the course the
course loss of clarity is when you're
first staying with your object and then
and it has become less clear so you're
still sort of there you're with the
object but the mind has sunk into a
state of unclarity you're just barely
there with everyoneís so you have the
mind sank into an clarity and then the
subtle mental single loss of clarity is
when you then conclude completely lose
all of your clarity so then the mind
becomes in the clarity becomes subtle
and that means you might fall asleep and
so on
gooble the chamber nikasha
telomer on to some new champion or not a
ranking kabocha theory the consumers
over my paddle on a euro Palin are
emitting an array then you go by
invitation so check da da da da da ga ga
Yahweh Allah o Allah
Google Kanter Samata GU botany taranaki
chinchilla child 10
condition Waianae on attendance was okay
timber Simba Tony timber decisions on
young Maori
1330 Machado and then there is agitation
the other falls of calm abiding and so
that is when for example very intense
thoughts and afflictive emotions arise
they negatively affect your meditation
because you lose your concentration
lose your objective focus or you hear a
sound or anything else any other
condition that causes you to lose your
your focus on the object that causes you
to think so both of these faults of a
lack of clarity and mental agitation
those two are the greatest falls of
shamaton and whenever they occur it is
important to recognize them with
mindfulness so they apply these two
measures that is mindfulness and
introspection about the tours the
worship alert or yoga that occur in
which our original Samsung atomic
particle meeting canderson of the party
in the end of cuts young Samson 272
working I am the ranking test Maga
guanaco for watching a trial in Albany
cup certainiy Tatara teens agreement in
loss of atoms 80 judging proteins on
generic up so talented so in waltz sting
in cycling until a super g t similar to
a loss of our Qin Yong Timmy particle as
I am June to an annuity
to learn yoga diversify
then the fifth step is theme like
subduing or pacifying placement and so
that is when sometimes you do stay with
your object of focus and then while you
stay there suddenly sometimes a feeling
of sadness also arises that you just
have a nice natural feeling of just
feeling unwell
just feeling uneasy inside and at that
time and that happens again I think a
little bit about the qualities of
samadhi of concentration the qualities
of that so we don't want to think too
much because then that would be
considered distraction according to
Shama Tom but think enough so that you
can lift yourself up to a state of joy
and again come back to the object of
focus so that is the pacifying placement
dropp'd reversible or irreversible at
iu13 shakoora
my panasonic Angela you will are not do
tea party rules on minimum balances on
the devotee in the reversible I
associate Julie Tocqueville Tony in what
the Pawnee didn't about the life your
suppose Qureshi occurs new you want my
theories tetrapod soma state of the
fifth one were pd --mm sub subduing
because the sixth one is the pacifying
placement and so here regarding like
pacifying distraction so it is said non
destruction is the path of all the
Buddhist the path of destruction is the
path of the Mara's and obstacles so this
is how it is explained in many of the
pith instructions again and again and so
many practice come abiding and a slight
distraction occurs and then no you try
to bring whatever whatever you are
distracted by first of all of you
recognize that and you bring the mind
back you pacify the distraction so
that's the pacifying placement the
modern number here also number she was
the Hajj Inc you are what about the
litter Hajj ensure
Kanchana but when you mobile charger by
an o-town majority so this down to
salute to notice how intuitive
interpreter they torrenuova attila
cranked antara he meant emery jared is
such a low flying saucer hawk on more
Poorna more also - attila duty and humor
he don t and Ramzan sources are on
accident is also euro vehicle a couple
tentative lobster an abrasive are Siva -
even on Annette Larry detonated the do
connect so on Dona mati city a little
detail so cute in and on the dude in
Madera Uchiha the Sahara Coco
you needn't a mumbo-jumbo todos in
northern Alberta
Sansa that are not reversible
so it's lab a congestion boil when
number seven is theme the other the
utter
pacification so it's it's like in the
intensified version of number six seven
ism is utterly pacified and so it refers
to the more subtle afflictions
especially like jealousy and pride in
comparison to an affliction like hatred
they are more subtle but in general in
terms of their function they are not
necessarily most subtle but the reason
why they are called more subtle is
because we don't normally recognize them
many of us all the time have them but we
rarely recognized an emotion of jealousy
for example for example when you get
really angry you immediately recognize
that you're angry but it's very
difficult to recognize jealousy so in
the context of the six-step the
pacification
so here the mind is rather pacified
and you have gained some experience of
calm abiding and you might develop some
pride in Dad's thinking that now I have
developed this state of calm abiding and
often actually people even mistake
mistakenly view their state of calm
abiding think that this actually is Maha
mudra actually it isn't so for that we
need the seven step the utter
pacification energy body sitting on your
bus Tellem a suit to your baton and yoga
your dr. Soukup sojanet Jia Xin Mei Jia
Bao Tong Tsui cups
Daniel so solitude kim jeong do jeon
achievement of material sense in general
different image in which he had an
uncertainty and non-duality Qian Tian in
a NEPA language in enrollee a chi
or some tempest europe amitabha Kalamata
latino/latina Jeanette an argumentative
the new concrete arsenic look at the
bottom do a cynical can abandon the
patent young dollar teenie kim jongdae
words such as ro g eternity conglomerate
rescue Dada
I'm not going with the career if you do
that you enter not the dog
sorry sir this is the department about
Sarah Palin
topol-m watching jean-denis Martinez
Audrey knocked on the window llama take
a guillotine tompa tomba chika hill and
who knows her papa kappa larva nature
and control internal party galleries
aura that is not correlational study
negativity solar city partisan invasion
chamber way Molina Kim Jong it is there
are no temperature Walton a young the
person to saw
- laundry okay nicaya body then do
Matala
that's eating them bagel number eight is
to place the mind in single pointedness
and that also implies that an effort is
still needed in single pointedness
because otherwise what happens at this
point is that you have achieved a
certain level of stability m-- you apply
it in a tranquil way for an extensive
period of time and this causes your body
and your mind both to become I'm quite a
client today assistant pliancy of body
and mind that is experienced as a very
blissful experience and it is possible
that one then becomes attached to this
blissful experience so there is the
danger that one begins to cling to this
experience of schemata there's one story
of palm would open when he before he he
saw him he you know he relied on a lama
and said is Lama and gave him meditation
instructions on calm abiding and so he
practice calm abiding and he developed
this physical and mental pliancy and
achieved quite a blissful state of calm
abiding and he asked his lama about that
so he shared his experience in
meditation and then he asked his his
Lama what does this mean and telemar
replied it means that you have obtained
the path of seeing so then later Mahmoud
Robin met with come papa and he told
kabab about that encounter ins and he
said that the Islamic told me that I
have attained the path of seeing and so
come papa listened while he was eating
his bowl of Tampa and
then he broke off some part of his
tampon he said you know what's better
than your path of seeing is this piece
of samba and so that is um so basically
there was an instruction for him to to
to continue making an effort in
single-mindedness even though some
pliancy and some stability of schemata
has risen so what this step
it means is that when the stability
arises and you feel physically mentally
pliant then there is a danger that you
will relax your effort in meditation and
so therefore the eighth point is to
continue your effort in single point
earnest tottenham Barnabas Stettin ago
stature introduces a race divisive our
Investor Malkovich Iran enemy particle
upon me but it something intelligent
data then I um bought the net ova Tata
contingent jewelry go bikini cups total
on Dawson City palazzo pants on
consonant awesome
you know the something trotty Tina my
parentage net cheaper tropic not centric
we travel at sukumari yo around at
sukumari the notice something something
tom poetry okay
Geronimo Novato Java retina cops tienda
de Janeiro et / massacre GMO Tatanka
Tatanka by Casa latina madhava
hydrogenated vegetable and Latin Elam
adios Angela settle a little sanity
eternity tarantula in a church in a upon
my personal anecdote stable on Havana
Monte on gog.com guerrilla son jr. the
songs angle Choi Shinae Abruzzo
sabbatical sahaja tubulin Havana wrote
Union and Sanjay croissant
you're in anti-cancer cheetara's
tomorrow insulted by na young so zocalo
terribly sundari it is already a young
don't wanna not sama do you reject
unclear you Jerry WA and then there's
them the ninth step of sham Adam and
that is theme theme even placement so
you're abiding evenly and so at this
point the mind is completely even so
that is very natural there is no status
point it is effortless and effortless
means that you can place your mind on an
object and by merely placing it on the
object it stays there for any given
period of time and so so in three realms
of samsara no this is kind of T like the
pinnacle of the desire Ram mind and then
the next step that goes beyond that is
meditative concentration and or
absorption and from the perspective of
meditative concentration this nine step
of schemata Akama biting still is
considered course a course level it is
not yet even a subtle level of
meditative absorption so from that
perspective it is not true calm abiding
yet but it is the foundation the
necessary foundation to achieve
meditative concentration or absorption
for that schemata is really very
important and so now notice nine steps
on how to achieve that is now in a
general sense and of course every person
is different
and accomplishes that in a different
time span tomb for example the Vajrayana
is called the swift path whereby one may
attain enlightenment in a single
lifetime in a single body it is a
skillful path that may lead to
enlightenment in one lifetime but then
it also depends on the individual for
example it is said that if a
practitioner who does not have the
foundation of schemata as a basis if
such a person enters Vijaya on a path it
is said that they will attain
enlightenment after 16 lifetimes and it
is also said that if a person who enters
the vagina with foundation of having
already accomplished a matam they can
attain enlightenment within 12 years but
any again this is generally speaking and
everyone is different and it mainly
really depends on the level of one's own
wisdom and also one's diligence in the
practice so so that really determines
how quick these practices will be
accomplished
Dada ratiocinate resolution ovata z LC
bahia dem den japa japa japa melbourne
choppa choppa choppa choppa see Tom
potent angel pods on the Tom Bowen on
the hinge over the teenagers Lordran
upon an apple or Samsung gent a teeny
tiny particle patellar tendinopathy no
polarity Quran ignorant suits
empathetically or Tala the epitome the
roms net Okayama a numerical technique
or Cheka Cheka injure copper technology
underneath it no cheating the net
chiba-chiba me belonged the new MOBA
karate
shanell kateinasia epazote chip am i
banned on duty chef Amy Pond geo patent
technician jatropha talk about the
sukhov stingy dropper he sees and naive
Z Fernando are now hidden on a Monday
urea they're done so then they are as
that there are the tools that make us
accomplish a madam and they are fourfold
is it is called the four ways of
engaging the mind there's four levels
first is focus second is like a
deliberate placement third is and a non
deliberate placement and then third is a
spontaneous accomplishment so first team
focus is where you first begin to focus
the mind inward you place the mind on
its object and you focus it's their
single pointedly ten seconds the
deliberate placement is very at this
point you are not yet able to just place
the mind on the object and it just stays
there so it needs some deliberation you
need to make it stay there again and
again and then third is none the
liberated placement and so here it
becomes basically natural you just stay
continuously with the object without
having to intentionally deliberately
place it on the object it just stays
there and because the quality of the
ability of abiding is stronger and then
the fourth one is team spontaneous
abiding or accomplishment and so that is
the accomplishment of schemata burr the
mind then will stay still with the Bella
team so these are the four ways of
engaging the mind
you know Ilana Bakari you're a sinner
then he wrote in Greece Tom boota boota
to put up there so Kalama give he need
an openness of Allah condition
Kandra vinegar is picanha degree Danny
luden entrepreneur can rabbit neoguri
the Northern Virginia no condition is
okay to not G need me but the Samba
Samba Wyatt 18 so Socrates some Natalya
Petrovna Cruz and Oaxaca Virtanen apart
a sample top team but achieve in Latin
in level all datura the Newton pisarra
what achieving kurama's tan conjugated
are simple tree temporal apology knock
on Clintonville accurate shiva linga
rama Ceredigion Bangkok Quranic each
other ah okay and attend Lord's tentacle
attune tantony tachycardia entering
Lally so generous and so on no change
soon
Danny meet marimba been a partisan
Patrol and soon the dead salmon are
watching in Chadha yahwah attained
[Music]
nirvana technically Latinos okay
trot em but Atomics at a stock authority
and politics are your danger botany ja
da moment even a hitch and that LM Deepa
dogs and that table top damn I connected
Ziggy not today but it's impossible he
giveth Matsu dr. D and then there is a
few more tools for the practice of sham
Adam there is six powers so first
there's the power of
it turns in a car eternity to adopt
somebody too too bad all right that's
half hearing so first of all you need to
hear from your teacher by asking me
questions for example how do I need to
practice I'm at what is the physical
posture that I need to assume like the
seven-point posture and so on and what
is what do I have to do with my mind and
so on secondly is the power of
reflection so then when you practice you
remember what you have heard or he said
I should do this or do that so you you
know what you should do you reflect on
that then the third power is the power
of mindfulness and the fourth power is
the power of introspection and these are
to be considered separate because they
perform a slightly different function
mindfulness is like the kind of the the
watch from man and the guard actually is
the guard and an introspection is like
them the watchman who looks some further
and these two are actually very
important for meditation so the guard of
mindfulness
knows when the afflictive emotion is
there and introspection the watchman of
introspection knows before it arises so
it's it sees when an afflictive emotion
could arise so that's why we consider
them to be separate and number five is
diligence and remember I mentioned that
this morning in the teachings on the
thirty-seven practices the parameter of
diligence is really indispensable for
our practice and all the other
parameters must be supported by the
parameter of diligence and so then
finally the sixth is the power of like
merging mixing and so what happens is
that when you continue to
your attention on your focal object then
finally the mind becomes merged with the
chest like mixing and a tea with milk
that is the dark energy in a diviner
general report on 1800 Curie's mi na
young
Sancho laundromat asunder
nom-nom-nom-nom p wrapped and then in
comes a Jong
things into / Majora's own children
Kushinagar you not have Swann chats on
Tony marina the trumpets
Chimbote on occasion a divine and Ocala
covering Nando tarried so when we
accomplished schemata penny practice
schemata is important that all of these
branches are complete it is that when
all these branches are complete then
schemata is accomplished easy limb but
if they are not complete in in this text
called the lamp to the path of
enlightenment on a path of enlightenment
it says if all of these branches of
schemata are in if any of those printers
is incomplete so if they are not
complete then even if you practice
meditate with a great effort it will be
difficult to accomplish schemata
just unique natural units are joined
around a suction cups power watch oh
yeah
then go back down so Georgia Songdo oh
yeah you know so much I don't owe you
anything
levena Tommy remengesau Joe chin on the
hinari calories nong khiaw real also in
angela and our doll do you serve ironed
out
nor nor soraka here at the end attorney
Tom Bowman sucks a major category not
some kalamata okay also same danijon and
calling in the attackers Marwa you know
didn't call me party Allah Kate agree
with cynical Rita Nettie poster says
minor in a dermatology incorrect in
Dawson send a eh which you no matter
native John retained by a single unity
star any gia bots op OMG OMG convert on
choking temperature insane neighbor the
mists minus ten is Sarah J bar joubert
laid upon Marwa 10:30 named part of a
chorus when I could level of stability
intimate as achieved it's actually quite
similar to something that is mentioned
in adsorption teachings it's insulting
it speaks about four kind of ways of
placement and one is placing the view
like resting or for kind of resting so
resting in the view like a mountain or
resting in meditation like an ocean so
there's just these such as two of those
form but so that what may lead one to
think that doctrine is the same as from
other practice and while they have many
similarities it often happens that
people do make the mistake of thinking
that they're exactly the same equivalent
so first of all the ability to abide
calmly is important but then we cannot
make we cannot say that this is all
there is to it
but this is our main focus in the
beginning because
the reason why we wander in samsara is
because we are distracted
we don't wander in samsara because we
are settled and placed but because we
are constantly distracted that we don't
abide and so in general of course to the
focus only on the aspect of stability is
also said to be a hindrance to
liberation if it's only that but so to
us in the beginning that is also our
biggest fault it is that of distraction
we have the fault of distraction not the
fault of abiding and so that is why we
need to consider the quality of abiding
is most important in the beginning and
so then from that quality of appearing
the other qualities of clarity and
increasing and completion will arise but
if you don't have the aspect of this
abiding ability in the beginning then
all these other qualities of clarity and
so on will will also not arise so we
need to make an effort in a practice of
calm abiding they need a toccata muscle
come come on the scene
Toninho come to consume he comes as
something so she has to come and it's a
your it a neuron so last something
reggae array around $13 something really
opened it in something the havana
charity dinner at the temple sumtin
sumtin determined an emergency in her
abdomen come talk new mob rapaciousness
medially and on device some teens may
want something about the kerosene
something light on greatest logical
equivalent give a lot a dirty makino
already
we bought this at a gala dinner party
didn't end on Katella something and go
to know there is something lot
so speaking from the perspective of the
stream realms of samsara
so the desire realm form ramen formless
realm through the practice of meditative
concentration we come to the form and so
but still it is something that we can
accomplish the practice of meditative
concentration and so first it says here
this meditative concentration that
transcends the formless absorptions
first of all this term meditative
concentration itself is a mind that is
virtuous and it is focused on a certain
focal object single pointedly so it is
single pointedly
focused on a focal object and so that is
the meditative concentration something
the love something I hear a Sunday
company passing by HIPAA that the
salandrich a mambo your retain anta
dinosaurs on hawaii temple to use Tata
saw some tea going urban acres in
soloqueue lot in any the current static
load competitor darwin Roja array data
he can do some Canadian drops are do he
tottered some get some calamari
measurements in kerosene they are
something to Vienna then isn't in Boston
but isola tiberina you enjoy Appa the
net around I hidden duper comes into
some and the center operator open do
tell eternity something take a mondo
picanha happening the table others
Thomas
Denis she was start something Ebola till
they achieve a crown chakra
young homogeneity Hakone daniela sunday
tompa tell namsun in concert a lot about
the two bunnies ten Ryo body then is
Sunday talk to Natasha ray tatom's watch
hit the toe to topple the careers Nicole
not so good Tyson draws him Tea Party in
Rob's one connect up Gorton hibachi yet
are they really talking about the chimer
WA
teller Rapa Nui top allegory Tania's
something even cooler a time when the
cops start something evil Ogawa you read
every oh sorry does some that's all I
had some want it Allah - Paula read
Quran Allah to attain URI did some
Deaton potala dignity non eat a memory
something tombola to to near a company
or a don't you need some medicine no
there wasn't anyone an Aurora - bachi
Baba Rama something tumble okay no polar
opposite something some teens again
deserve something nice Johanna taste on
got a deal I don't mean to mingle Juba
yatin get to let you Paula know Martin
de la tavola window this is a murder or
attack it's Julia something about it
chaparro doctrine on a tuba Thumma
already so there's four levels of
meditative concentration and of course
there is much to be said about that but
just a brief outline the first level of
meditative concentration the first and
the second are the first first one is
conceptual a team so here
there when know but you just have
completed single pointedness of shamaton
and you move on to the first level of
meditative concentration and so then
this as you move on in your mind you'll
begin to see the qualities of the first
and second and so different levels of
meditative concentration so you're not
satisfied with just the single
pointedness of schemata but you want to
move on with meditative absorption and
so the first level of meditative
absorption is still related to a mind of
the desire Ram because there still is
from the perspective of the other levels
of meditation a very coarse state of
mind it's still in comparison Rolla
course the mind of desire Ram being
whose mind is very coarse
so that's the first meditative
absorption there is still some of
conceptual attea then so from this
perspective the mind is coarse and not
completely tranquil and then honest the
second level is dead of enjoyment or
yeah the enjoyment and that is on a
second level and experience of joy and
bliss arise that's the second level of
meditative concentration some typical
some tombow could talk you into such
amar upon it each other you retained
some boundary something it becomes in
something you becomes totally the
bhagavata they were an Iranian branch on
tragic really
then in something is supercups Denis got
something eparchy novo karate gamma
divine UTRA to go out there pop on don t
need Arizonans over Europe that is
someth upon they are the toys on
whatever Chippewa
God they were tasty by Allah someday
someday nipple cups of gamma D iota
there's something supercups something
Tsubaki some cans are they come as some
teeny Park is something about map Island
something about God do I need to go at
the center repositories God upon the
autumn don't in the wattle on Sakura
then is something given hiccups that
they attend then he repeated pani
then he saw a tiny money or is that
something so I saw possibly a porno and
in a second meditative concentration
that mind sees the conceptual state of
the first level as course
so one abandons that conceptual course
stayed here and mainly in the second
concentration one rests within a state
of joy and bliss and then in the third
concentration one distinguishes between
joy and bliss
so one sees joy as course and abandons
it and one strives after bliss so 112 in
place and then in the fourth
concentration one recognizes bliss as
course and one abandoned stat and then
abides within a state of equanimity that
any plant on a page a chamber is a
tongue as a sari on you is so the kawaii
means not something that year soon as
some to which will add ever never
something you need representing a devil
napus aunty you need the person t6
impotency person teens is something the
you at some didn't attend botanist or
picker chamber
charitable to hear too much in the devil
never Santi
Otsuka tara misu tonde kotero that's
people whatever uh totally they are
never something main the partying and
non don't that the and so now we we went
out stare with the explanation and I'll
be come back again and so there's only
three divisions of meditative
concentration as three kinds one is to
seem to regard to the phenomena that one
sees as lacking him less and a second to
see the qualities of meditation
absorption and then third to the
concentration that act for the benefit
of sentient beings so the first one and
to see that phenomena lack any bliss
that is actually the most important one
for us too much learn about the talk
tomorrow
thirteen by educating Bunyan and Tom
polluting binary oppas salute Emmanuel
Giavotella Rahman Pocoyo rotella the
prosecutor terminates at solve in a
convoy or a nature dog on the same the
cover me party by an article on Nina
Monta open evoke tornadoes in Savannah
Georgia man issued on a periodicity
Penniston Saline part on open a part on
celluloid Sabina Maggio Tanisha
Nicodemus Tavares our nature check the
Terrapin a $2.00 Nina
Samuel and children among
that the canyon and the coyote in a
looting many Oreo balls with the tombo
lead the collect team but the pie Yahoo
you don't go to the chew on its own and
recovery cards on Angela aura
anymore knowing each other and cutting
alone the Maori in a temple court suit
tamati pony in a medium a NATO commander
mana party tone 30 points but in me but
divine laws Allah Nevada today in nhi
opponent not just settle on URIs Turin
cortical so the first one you know them
meditative concentration of seeing now
the recognizing all of phenomena you see
as I'm liking bliss so that refers to
the practice of four ways of placing the
mind so for placements of mindfulness
the first one of these four is to to
place one's mindfulness to on on one's
body so one focuses on one's body so one
begins with focusing on a certain part
of one's podium a while observing
accounting one's breath so for example
you can start on starts normally mister
the crown the head area and then you
inhale and you exhale and you keep
focusing on your crown and someone who
doesn't have any stability in calm
abiding
they will lose awareness of the crown
after one exhalation inhalation already
but if you can hold the attention on the
crown
chakram 450 or so press inhalation and
exhalation so 50 rounds of breathing
then it's a sign that you have achieved
a good state of calm abiding tato in
Lucas economy part company chatted a
little jaunt Archie tegenaria portal you
teaming area birds on detonator with
meta para ninos santa eluded misogynist
on the tongue
tah-dah Juanita needs some want to
Chavez Appa Don Z nonzero palace but the
Sultana Mahajan query the in data they
had sent a gradient area brutality to
buy an iron on goddammit rng rng denrin
regency college opposition watch
entertainment also know the need Sir
Nicholas butcher you know my party and
they need loaded simple window Timbo
initech mud in Rotorua didn't live in
Anthony Luton vanilla pods that darlin
social to tell the agenda bottomless
okay chair wala in a pink Amador Cola
young the in Utah routine Panama parte
young so taro not solid routine see Lucy
burns impotence anticipatory arch it's
sorta here and so then you can move this
focus to different parts of your body
and so here first of all you have to
develop a stability m--
with the first part of the body and then
for example had a crown so you have
gained some stability with that and then
once there is some really some clothes
mindfulness on this particular part of
the
for example then you reflect on the
impermanence of your body and how it is
composed of impure substances and so on
and in this way such reflection
overcomes our course attachment and
identification with the body so you
reflect for example now if you focus on
your head your crown and for and gain
stability then you think that it is
impermanent and it's composed of blood
and many other impure substances
there's nothing to be attached to to his
head his crown and so on and so then
once you have done that then you move on
to the next body part and then the next
body part so you have attained some
stability and then you move on to the
next body part and the point of this
meditation is because normally we
cherish our bodies very much and no
reflecting focusing on the body and
reflecting on it's impermanent and
impure nature turns away this attachment
because we realized that after all there
is no benefit in being so attached to
the body here I got a muggins many yog
gamla at the Karcher watch I'll carry
cheetah tester on Tambo gone go to your
Benny Acosta - same Telugu bug vampire
chamber you know the name I know Nia
uncut Sonia porous Tomic sati sati
musashi latina then is toronto attila
from Monroeville Pinto jewelry the
temperature golden goat souvenir cups
then it is 217 temtempo it's a massive
sea Pony bondage Audrina you know what
you wanna watch a Antony Antony pot even
taken to operate tanita and I've been at
our routine but no idea but don't I need
$2,000 gongo retirement are gone
technically
on my job I did some cursory
combined Japanese young see also
communes es mi parte Vienna 30 a chuckle
you're a genre and so actually when you
first start with this meditation the
direction where you start depends on
your state of mind if you when you start
out a mind is more agitated and many
thoughts then you can start your with
your focus by focusing on the lower
parts of your body and then work
yourself up words that will help to keep
the mind inside and if at the outset of
the practice you already have its sleepy
and unclear then you can start at the
crown and work yourself um downward and
then you practice that for some weeks
and slowly you have weight to that
so the point really is habituation and
Teutons I'm gonna set meditation is not
just something same particular to like
to meditate upon but basically
meditation is continued habituation
that's the best meditation so if you
continue to again and again train again
and again habituate so that's the best
meditation watching when you are yoga so
you're not so a diamond sword o muhammad
saw Tanya this book are not mandatory
that are are not so good tells the
capable as a she was also a courageous
Hamza Hakam know that air cargo majority
microRNA to each other in young sons
Authority in the traditional teni-dono
gonna get any contrast and etc so much
in Guatemala the penguin ax to tamale
Winnipesaukee wine so
the manual gearbox or Taliban that's
what they were an annuity money so at
the meeting oh you did so at the article
money then it's what do - what do not
color underneath so I don't want economy
but in divine theorem which is so
naughty she don't you don't call the
thought such importance or possible to
soak up the song turned out our Inza
such importance of watching watching it
on regal Andrea didn't come on the lunge
or I'm not okay yet so I don't know what
led - automatic switching potato cameras
Hotel retained that's our domain Haryana
me button day so they were my
denominator so I am Dena Dena Dena
Covina teeny
that's what the colony the window
capsule out any - lots of achene at any
Timbuktu new symbology hungry no cholera
Maurice you know that she knows Anaya
carotid massage in arms and calamari
Medina attorney chill armory
Tony Ziva the consciousness cannot do
what the young G tenant okra in young
hindi namrata the tampering injury
comma condoms injury Kentucky energy
goodbye lab Rohit economist to are good
by Milan's own diviner didn't I'm talkin
to Mater Dei zone Agra kanako-sama never
change retained Denton Banton live in
Hawthorne n not not go here and then
second is close placement of mindfulness
on one's feelings and so there's
basically three kinds of feelings
feeling of happiness feeling of
suffering and then feeling of equanimity
so of
we are not at all aware of the kind of
feelings that arise in our mind we are
projected outward distracted outward and
we just keep them talking to others and
I'm a chattering and we don't really
know what's really happening in our mind
at all we don't really think about the
faults of distraction and so on and then
sometimes a stronger feeling arises and
then we cling on to that and then we
think of something sad and we cry or
something funny and we laugh or we
remember some unkind words and we get
angry and so on but these are all things
that we need to kind of isolate a mind
we need to isolate the mind from I mean
eliminate them but not in a way of in a
sense of rejection so we place our
mindfulness onto that feeling so for
example then if you're feeling is a
feeling of happiness then the happiness
becomes your focal object then you take
the happiness as your focal object and
just rest with the happiness and if the
feeling is suffering then the suffering
becomes your focal object and then you
dwell on that so that's what rumpert
said is mourning also said when anger
arises look at its essence and that's
similar to the practices of Maha mudra
and suction and that's why sometimes
people say that Maha mudra and suction
is just a sham Adam but they don't
really understand it much deeper and so
it's of course more than just sham Adam
so in any case when the feeling is
suffering and you just use that as a
focal object and you you abide with in
this feeling as your focal object of
meditation then the suffering actually
cannot affect you in a negative way it
only affects you negatively if you
pursue it if you follow it along so
that's suffering as a focal object and
then sometimes you feel neutral and then
you use this acronym a-team where you
don't have any particular feeling
happiness or sadness and then you just
stay within that feeling while just
sustaining some awareness of that
feeling you just abide and then if a
thought arises within that just
recognize it with mindfulness but don't
pursue it and some being with that and
not pursuing it
no in the Mahamudra and in the doctrine
we say don't accept it and don't reject
it so we are not actually I'm rejecting
it by not following it we're just
letting it beam so we don't have to
reject it you also don't have to accept
it in the thought is just like someone
who comes for a visit and so they come
and then in the end they will go again
so then you just say goodbye and then
you let them go
of course if you don't say that if you
don't like let them go goodbye then they
might just stay around and cause all
kinds of trouble again the sort of the
critical times up but enough Finnish TV
tomorrow
[Music]
that chicken on your ball or hundred
years old oh oh thank you so much
[Music]
Oh
neighs electron Amala something Sharon
Martin
okay what is their motivation saw such
as knowledge appetite or a you know the
a topper Buddhism was generally share
until the Palestinian official it was
only on the Saudis are change the
channel Mary Stevens religion battle
many supportive with ebony Jacques de
Medici Nam sister Anila narrow position
it's very similar occasionally disparity
honor the riches of strategic resources
be not interpreting they are
Charlotte is in the universal knowledge
community the critic Germany's militias
tell our insulate the motive
[Music]
Ted of future stock consortium the
democracy it on a piece I wrote who saw
more in me magic women told me by the
way there was a hole sometimes just
wasted the body
somebody ninja leader worried about the
sound ah my friends we spoke about the
parameters of meditation and wisdom and
I explained a bit about that and and
then I came Potenza membership clarify
things for you that is excellent and
also compromise that in the troll
ornament of liberation he speaks about
two kinds of wisdom the worldly wisdom
and transcendental wisdom the one that
transcends the mundane and chicken some
gun
in the chrome chick that everything done
in the field of knowable things is done
by the bottom and so that is this aspect
of wisdom of intelligence that we all
make use of every everyone possesses
everything that we do in this world is
done by this intelligence and that is
that is wisdom that is the bottom and
everyone has that and now when we look
at it from the perspective of the
relative where we see it duality of self
and other then this intelligence is this
mind is the consciousness that perceives
a duality and when you realize the
nature of this consciousness it is
realized as primordial wisdom
so buddy realized the essence of wisdom
you and the essence of this intelligence
in you then that itself is non dual
primordial wisdom and some so in reality
there's no duality and for this reason
no these two quotes on one hand saying
that there's two kinds of wisdom and
then took them some gun saying but
everything that is done in his in his
world basically is done by the bottom
shows that there is justice one wisdom
that engages in any activity in the
Dharma or in the world and it is the one
that accomplishes even the slightest
happiness it is the one that sustains
compassion and therefore you experience
happiness and so really reading these
words by tricked and so again again and
again really clarifies the meaning of
this and actually I had discussion about
this with Cambodian Bell asked him about
that and through basically the result of
this discussion was that
understood this point more clearly but
anyways it's something to really
investigate and think about and then
meditate upon so in brief is wisdom mind
is explained in Mahamudra
or induction but also to tell some grand
said that the remaining remaining
untouched by the three great ones is the
supreme realization this regreat ones
reversed Mahamudra auction and the
madhyama come so beyond all of that lies
the realization of the nature of the
mind awesome launched in rapt had set in
the treasury of pith instructions at a
magazine said that when one realizes the
natural state of the mind there is no
higher learning than that and when one
recognizes the uncontrived mind itself
there is no need to study any scriptures
because once you realize the nature of
the mind that is the ultimate perfection
of wisdom and that is without any doubts
so now we have an understanding of the
natural state of the mind but still
sometimes doubts arise because we
haven't actually realized that and so to
realize it we need to practice again and
again cultivating continuously a
Lannister body the matter am i some
wrong some self determining give
Argentina
such an animal magician body use are you
generate knowledge G Paris
my simple body numb and our is still
absolutely the repository Hachi Palazzo
no Angela child is collectible
netiquette of the control of ecology
Medina virtually using a medium energy
term whatsoever talked about it run for
run per bottle on the table origins in
medieval chivalry esta mañana general
for college or rugby you modular parent
of your authority
next is verse number 31 unless you
examine your own confused ideas you
might look like a practitioner but not
be acting like one therefore always
examine yourself and dependent confusion
this is the way of a bodhisattva so this
verse is taught in particular for as
practitioners those practitioners we
have to see for ourselves whether or not
we are confused and that is the same do
not investigate whether or not others
are confused don't analyze others but
analyze yourself so of course all
sentient beings possess afflictive
emotions means I possess them of course
everyone else
affective emotions but we are Dharma
practitioners so when a moment of anger
arises you should instantly recognize
there is anger arising because when the
anger anger arises that if you cling on
to it it will obscure the mind so when
the anger arises and you recognize this
thought it's like a cloud that obscures
my mind and I need to liberate those
thoughts I'm a practitioner so my anger
arises you just simply recognize that it
arises and then you just continuously do
not grasp and whatever arises and then
if you do not grasp and eventually also
the grasping in the mind of the other
person will dissolve on the other hand
if the thought arises and you grasp at
it it generates a feeling then you keep
rasping at it then you are reinforcing
those coming imprints in your mind and
so it is such that the way things appear
is as before so that means for a
practitioner the same kind of thoughts
and afflictions arise as before or as in
an ordinary person so they continue to
arise but the difference is how we
liberate those afflictions this is what
distinguishes an ordinary person from a
practitioner so whatever affliction
arises attachment or anger and so on you
recognize it and it goes away and if it
goes away it will also eventually go
away in the other person so that's very
important but if you hold on to it you
cling to it then this is real confusion
begins so whether or not you're confused
you have to see for yourself
so the one important thing is to not
grasp for a practitioner that's the one
important thing regardless of what the
other person is doing if you do not
you not be obscured obscured atom
hydrogen originally this terminology is
only a suggestion or a total dirigible
some even Dorota not opt
ability to change anyone's total
condenser from religion Danny Andrews
Donna
gg-go Mary you know Patrick no bouncing
torrent of the errors
then verse number 32 if you are driven
by disturbing emotions and talk about
another bodhisattvas falls it is
actually to your own detriment so don't
mention the faults of those who have
entered the great vehicle this is the
way of a bodhisattva so this is a very
very important very precious verse so
the Bodhisattvas are those here are
those who engage in activities that
benefit sentient beings that can be a
lama a spiritual teacher or a worldly
teacher or anyone who engages in
activities to benefit sentient beings
but in particular spiritual teacher
madama teacher who shows the path to
others so if you point out their fault
and humiliate them or criticize them
first of all what is the basis of such
criticism it's either I'm jealous eeeem
or a competitive mind or any of them
three poisons attachment aversion
ignorance that is why we we criticize
others we speak about their faults and
if the enlightened activities of that
teacher are particularly great and then
the fault is even greater because this
spiritual teacher is placing the seed of
liberation into the mind streams of many
disciples and that is extremely
meaningful because for example even if
you would only give one refuge power to
one person that in itself accumulates
merit for aeons you have established
someone on the path to liberation and
then if you go and point out that
person's false then anybody else who
hears that might develop wrong views so
you become like
a person who destroys a bridge then
nobody can go there anymore and you are
the one who has destroyed it actually
this seed of liberation is not easy it's
actually extremely difficult to have
that seed of liberation planned that
into one's mind it's extremely difficult
it's extremely difficult for one to
cultivate faith it's much more easy to
lose one's faith so if there is a master
who has a lot of disciples and then you
point out their faults to these masters
false to those disciples then they might
turn away from the Dharma all together
and cultivate many wrong views and lose
all of their faith and actually it is
said that such of wrong view is one of
the five extremely negative actions with
immediate retribution so because these
people do not only turn away from that
person that Lama but they also turn away
from the Buddha and the Dharma all
together and they cultivate all sorts of
other wrong views and so therefore it is
one of those extremely negative actions
and has a particularly heavy negative
effect
so actually what happens when you point
out their faults in this way talk about
their faults it is actually to your own
detriment
so ultimately you cannot really harm the
other person you're really only only
harming yourself
we're on computers that some of us are
enjoying the kitchen items item
non-atomic just learning is the combat
injury or wrongful going up it's
important this one year format
observatory
the garden Ramallah
Sorenson autonomous muscle or something
you know - from our daily Pringles and
roasted mother didn't melt on my son pay
attention I was not with that there's
this whole region where the foreign gmrs
[Music]
certainly isn't you know the depart
armadillo somewhat average then a verse
number 33 concern for gain and respect
causes conflicts and the decline in the
activities of learning reflecting and
meditating so abandon attachment to your
circle of friends relations and
benefactors this is the way of a
bodhisattva so this verse also is quite
similar to the previous verse so again
it is similar in a sense that when not
in order to gain a benefactor or in
order to gain a disciple you might
criticize points out somebody else as
false and then those disciples cultivate
a wrong view towards this other teacher
so this mainly refers to teachers for
example so a teacher must be without any
bias and no only thinking that i want to
benefit the disciples and that's it but
it's not good if the teacher cultivates
biased views and things that these are
my disciples and this wouldn't go
anywhere else
actually this is what i really tell
everyone i tell them meet any lama
receive any dharma teaching practice
whatever you find beneficial because
ultimately it all has the same meaning
darling sister touch on the down
oh yeah purchase something you know
something so cute emoji your she's a
poor ping woman newbie or a charity no
Maria someone more is just emoji yeah
Kylie not the third come on something
was wrong
it's Boris and then verse number 34
harsh words disturb others minds and
thus diminish the practice of a
bodhisattva
therefore abandon harsh speech which is
unpleasant to others this is the way of
a bodhisattva he has two kinds of harsh
words there is harsh words that come
from anger and there is harsh words that
come from love or kindness and even if
it comes from a place of love often it
is because we love our life is so strong
that we say something very harsh to
someone but even though it comes from a
place of love if we say it in a harsh
way then it doesn't benefit the other
person in only harms them because they
don't want to listen if you say it in
this way and so for this reason I'm any
kind of harsh words or unkind speech
must be abandoned
[Music]
some percent of elementary some buttons
negative three in various cities are
starting Montana my boy already laughing
what so courage they know what each
other is sincerity machine harmonicity
Porter dirty little portable
you know total party no turtle Charlie I
think very very traditional double
distilled runs normally native tongue
support our age 40 tons of the from over
time they start relative energy
yesterday Nemo something evil somehow
what I shall demand our race is
knowledge about the unity virus dynamic
encirclement of the Condor kind of
criminal childish and then number 35
when disturbing emotions become habitual
it is difficult to reverse them with
antidotes thus the soldier of
mindfulness
wheels antidotes as weapons and destroys
disturbing emotions such as attachment
the moment they start to arise this is
the way of a bodhisattva so according to
the path of individual liberation we
remember the shortcomings of the
afflictive emotions and that is the
antidote to them according to the
Bodhisattva path we practice the six
parameters and through the power of love
and compassion destroy the afflictive
emotions according to the view of secret
mantra and most of us are betraying our
practitioners now what should we think
we should what is the point of my
practice why
why am i engaging in practice it is in
order to tame the afflictive emotions if
you recognize their nature the
afflictive emotions are recognized as
primordial wisdom so you recognize each
and every thought that arises also the
subtle thoughts first you're able to
liberate the more coarse thoughts and
then there still are many subtle
thoughts that arise for example a coarse
thought is anger and it's subtle
counterpart is fear what there is
attachment on the coarse side and it's
subtle counterpart is hope so especially
these subtle forms hope and fear and so
on they continuously constantly arise in
our mind and they rob the mind of
clarity so you lose your clarity in the
mind becomes obscured through these
subtle thoughts of hope and fear and
therefore you will be mistaken in what
to do and what not to do and so for
example your your perception is
distorted just like a person who is sick
with jaundice they would see white
conscious yellow so in a similar way if
we are obscured in this way by hopes and
fears then we will see the false in
something that actually doesn't have
false and so on so each of these paths
has their antidotes the individual
liberation and the Bodhisattva path and
in the Vajrayana path the antidote is
the view so you have to liberate each
and every thought an effective emotion
that arises the awareness that liberates
them is like fire and the thought that
arises is like wood so first in the
beginning the fire is not very strong so
therefore in them in the beginning the
fire can
we burn away small pieces of wood so you
have to feed its small pieces of wood
and then slowly the fire will grow
stronger
if you throw a large piece of wood into
a small fire it will just kill the fire
and then often that's why people even
though they think that Thomas for Thomas
Schirach Dayton rocky say when they come
to rush it simply forum much for
somebody new jersey by Omega T star
three songs today tradition poverty
sakhanka name is Amna
me but please don't say like she always
said we did some crunch a marathon for
the tower have some conversation you
know another thing just organism so some
datum know some table table table table
she - mother - mother oh no such of some
sort is such an essential technique your
mother ami bacha bazi
sons in total across theater tillage in
the matter of the sort of gently
Santos
yeah those Hodgins and the hydrogen that
was a hug Coronado since the sour of the
cinema 2000s aerosol normally
the monitored easily submitted the other
thing is they're taller submit somebody
[Music]
Indian not so much alas cinema boredom
my sheriff sheriff papa anymore not only
kill or did not thought how corny
patrols or theater and Tsubasa world no
1 de Rivoli subtle the Italian dish for
sanity returned his own did not reach
out or something there is a fatality
so no doctor she runs of martial artists
always went to meet mr. Murray children
to marshal and tears of pudgy Magoo's
the jacket on winsome dommatina let's
don't give up - no Donna tourism in
Toronto for myself no mom wants for
about your testicle sin when the capital
added something new model for a marshal
test Alvarez
my Macedon and the next verse in verse
numbers 36 really summarizes all of what
has been said until now and actually not
just is 37 Bodhisattva practices but all
of them the Buddhist teachings it really
summarizes it all the Buddha said
completely tame your own mind purify
your own mind purify it with
discriminating awareness so in brief
wherever you are and whatever you're
doing always examine the state of your
mind so at all times sustain mindfulness
and be aware am i being controlled by an
afflictive emotion or not am i
sustaining love and compassion or not
the practice is to never separate from
emptiness and compassion by sustaining
mindfulness awareness whatever you
practice Maha mudra or adoption
it is about this mindfulness and this
mindfulness is indivisible from the root
core own there is no benefit in taking
the body of the root core with you what
he need is the root guru's mind and
guru's mind cannot die and also your own
mind cannot die it transcends spurs and
death so what is the the Kouros mind
actually it is compassion it is wisdom
it is the union of compassion and wisdom
and is there a difference between the
Kouros wisdom and compassion and your
own wisdom and compassion there is
actually in quality and there's not the
slightest difference for example even a
little insect the tiniest little insect
has love and a human being has love it's
exactly the same thing it is just a
different
in how much love you have but in essence
it is the same and therefore there's a
mahamudra priam i supplicate to
bodhichitta the actual core own some
love and compassion and that when that
arises in your mind recognize this is
the Quran so if you want to never
separate from the gorram then never
separate from bodhichitta and there is
two kinds of purity Tom the relative and
the ultimate bodhichitta now until you
have gained complete stability in
certain team in the relative bodhichitta
you will have even always have some
doubts with regard to the ultimate
bodhichitta
if you develop relative bodhichitta you
will become free of doubts so this means
to sustain love and i wish to benefit
sentient beings throughout the three
periods of the day and three periods of
the night always remember their
suffering and the moment you think of
their suffering instantly wish for their
happiness and for them to be free from
suffering you have to remember this
throughout the six periods of day and
night so just never forget about that
never forget about love and compassion
and do not become controlled by the
afflictive emotions and as a result
later you will realize to view jigme
lingpa had said do not lose the
stability of clear awareness and so what
that means is I mean a thought or an
emotion arises recognize it even if
anger arises if you recognize it it will
again disappear if you do not lose the
stability of clear awareness otherwise
if there is not sufficient awareness and
anger arises you will act out on it with
body and speech and accumulate karma
when you become
by the afflictive emotions you are
controlled by the comic winds and if you
are controlled by the comic winds now
when you are alive then they will also
control you later after you have died
and after you have died these comic
winds will then bring you to the three
lower realms
so those karmic winds is really the
consciousness it is like the
consciousness is like wind and it
naturally will go to take birth then in
an inferior miserable state of existence
and so I do not lose the stability of
your clear awareness that is actually
their most important the highest of all
views so it was taught by Jimmy Ling bum
so he said do not lose the stability of
clear awareness there is nothing greater
no greater practice or creative view
than that not a hundred M scholars not a
thousand like Yogi's and not as a 10,000
ma Siddhas will tell you anything
greater than that do not lose the seat
or a stability of clear awareness and
that means you do not become controlled
by the afflictive emotions so therefore
whatever you do wherever you are
whatever you do at all times
look at the state of your mind and seem
am i or am I not controlled by thoughts
and afflictive emotions no but that we
share of decide oh do you body start to
someone close even jealousy someone save
me somebody
somebody in the entire Lord to meet our
doggies Donnie's Toronto tolerate
nothing such as new comers most of
number tortures some pornography but
important numbers of a spherical town
she was only a Java these ponds are
clean no problem a gorgeously Morris
then verse number 37 with the wisdom of
three for purity m-- dedicate all the
virtue gained from having made such
effort toward enlightenment dedicated to
clear away the suffering of infinite
beings this is the way of a bodhisattva
so virtual the virtue gained vert zoom
is whatever we do we listen to doctor
about the Dharma we reflect we meditate
whatever we do the result of practice is
to accomplish the four immeasurables
is to is to cultivate love and
compassion so that's the virtue gained
that is to be gained and then the
suffering of infinite beings the root of
all their suffering is self-grasping
which is like an ice block water that
has frozen into ice so on the ultimate
level actually there is no division
between Buddha's and sentient beings
when they realize that and that's the
wisdom of threefold purity there is no
division no duality so in brief this
wisdom of threefold pure team refers to
the ultimate reality the ultimate truth
and so so dedicate all of this to clear
away the suffering of infinite beings
this is the way of a bodhisattva
develop a lorry some Congress the body
is from Pakistan
Warren young Gauri's Tomas alvarez
Donovan alerts daddy Birdstone down with
Tampa da he come from glorious all of
them from hearthstone
[Music]
the bottom water hid particular antigen
courses on the sole investor generally
familiar person we take a seat over what
you know Museum Justin Baker's and
cousin Margaret was chosen for some tea
to tend to the child where so then it
says in the end in accordance with the
words of the Holy Ones regarding the
meaning of the sutras Contras and the
commentaries I have written these thirty
seven verses on the ways of a
bodhisattva for those who wish to train
on the Bodhisattvas path so whatever is
taught in the sutras in the tantras the
commentaries
all of the Buddha's words are included
within this book within the thirty-seven
practices Jetson Cobham summarized a
tomb
and it's called that this free like
principle paths and so he said that
first you need renunciation to samsara
when when you have renunciation then
compassion will arise and when
compassion arises then you will realize
selflessness and the realization of
selflessness is the realization of the
ultimate truth that self and other are
indivisible so renunciation compassion
and the ultimate truth so renunciation
and the twofold bodhichitta so
everything is complete within those
words all of the Buddha's teachings are
included within trust these words and
then in the end this composition will
not be admired by the learner because my
intellect is poor and my education is
limited however I have followed the
sutras and the words of the Holy Ones so
I believe these ways of a bodhisattva
are not mistaken still because the vast
deeds of Bodhisattvas are difficult to
grasp by simple-minded beings like
myself I beg the forgiveness of the Holy
Ones for the mass of my errors such as
contradictions and inconsistencies but a
virtually arising from this may all
beings give rise to relative and
ultimate bodhichitta and thereby become
like the protector Chenrezig who does
not abide in the extremes of existence
or peace so these concluding words are
quite easy to understand also I'm the
time is over but in brief we all have to
become like Chenrezig
- door number tragedy local economy ow2
north of the hosta generation I'm so
Tama friends um - italic and also an
Tashi Delek him - all the time of
friends who are following us on the live
stream around the world will do the
concluding prayers by reading the
aspiration prayer of Sukhavati and
please let us know by raising your hand
if you need one and we can bring one to
you
so we'll begin on page number four
emmawho in the direction of the Setting
Sun beyond enumerable world slightly
elevated is the land of the noble beings
the perfectly pure celestial realm
sukhavati it is not visible to ordinary
eyesight but is clearly visible to a
mind endowed with pure vision and that
realm resides the bhagavad-gita Amitabha
a ruby red color in a dazzling
brilliance he has all the thirty-two
marks of superiority and the 80
perfections the crest protrusion on his
head and the wheels on his feet and all
the rest he has a single face and two
hands in the contemplation mudra holding
an alms Bowl and he is robed in the
three Dharma robes sitting cross-legged
he is seated in the Vajra posture on a
1000 petaled Lotus with a moon seat and
behind his back is a Bodhi tree by his
compassionate eyes he beholds me from
afar on his right is the Bodhisattva
Avalokitesvara of white color holding in
his left hand a White Lotus and on his
left is the bodhisattva vajrapani
blue-collar holding in his left hand a
visor a marked Lotus and both have their
right hands extended towards me in
refuge bestowing the mudra these three
chief deities appear in splendor like
simmer towering immovable and
indestructible surrounding them are
millions and billions of Bodhisattva
mendicants all of golden complexion
adorned by the marks and perfections and
robed in the three Dharma robes of
bright yellow color since they do not
discriminate between devotion from near
and from afar i prostrate devotedly by
my three gates right here as I
recognized the Dharmakaya Amitabha as
lineage Buddha from his right hand
radiates light becoming his emanation of
a located shuara and further becoming a
billion secondary Volokh eaters fara
emanations from his left hand radiates
light becoming his emanation taro and
further becoming a thousand millions
secondary tarah emanations man from his
heart radiates light becoming his
emanation padma Simba and further
becoming a thousand million secondary
Padma Sam bhava emanations I prostrate
to the Dharmakaya Amitabha during the
six periods of day and night his Buddha
I continuously be holds all beings with
affection he always knows whatever
thoughts arise in the mind of every
single scent Jim Beam and he always
hears distinctly and without confusion
whatever words are spoken by every
single sentient being
I prostrate to the all-knowing Amitabha
it is declared that anyone who offers
this aspiration with faith except one
who has committed the five inexpiable
Dharma abandonments will by offering
this aspiration to be reborn in
Sukhavati be drawn toward that realm
when they enter the Bardo i prostrate to
the guide on the table it is declared
that amitabha's vitality will remain for
countless eons without passing beyond
suffering and just now appears openly
and anyone who supplicates with a single
pointed devotion will obtain power over
life except for already ripened
tendencies and the ability to live for a
hundred years and he will be protected
against all untimely death and I
prostrate to the protector amitayus it
is declared that even if one could fill
a billion worlds count with myriads of
times with jewels and give them as gifts
hearing but once the name of Amitabha
and Sukhavati in joining the palms and
faith would have greater merit therefore
i prostrate devotedly to Amitabha
however on hearing the name of Amitabha
develops uncontrived devotion from the
depth of his heart and bones just once
he will never be repelled from the Bodhi
path i prostrate to the protector
who even hears the name of Buddha
Amitabha will always be born in the
superior family and endowed with pure
morality until that one's heart is
awakened right prostrate to the sugata
Amitabha my body wealth roots of my
virtue and all offerings I can imagine
of material wealth and mental creation
made auspicious objects the eight
auspicious signs and seven royal
attributes the billion evolvement of
Mount Meru the four continents and Sun
and Moon as they appear in the
primordial creation of the billion
worlds all wealth of Devas Nagas and
human beings and everything my mind
holds on to this I offer to me table in
your compassion accepted for my benefit
all the non virtuous deeds which have
been committed by myself and other
beings by all sentient beings headed by
my father and mother from beginningless
time until now killing stealing impure
conduct the three non virtues of the
body I now confess lying slandering
rough speech and gossip before non
virtues of speech I now confess
covetousness malice and holding wrong
view the three non virtues of mine I now
confess killing one's father one's
mother ones teacher or in
hot and intending to cause harm to the
body of Aegina all accumulated
tendencies towards these five inexpiable
deeds
i now confess killing a monk or a nun
seducing a chaste woman destroying a
statue a stupa or a temple and so on it
all falls pertaining to such almost an
ex-vivo deeds
I know confess swearing by the refuge
the temple or the scriptures and similar
deeds all accumulations of such bad
tendencies towards Dharma abandonment I
now confess having heard about the
benefit resulting from the virtue and
the suffering resulting and about being
sentenced to the suffering of the house
but believing this to be without truth
and having accumulated the bad
tendencies of the evil of these five
inexpiable fees all such accumulations
of bad tendencies from which one cannot
be liberated I now confess breaking the
Vinaya code through the four in X people
deeds or the thirteen very bad
transgressions or indulging in the five
kinds of defilement or making mistakes
concerning the rules of an ayah all this
I now confess falling into the for black
activities or violating the five the
other five or the eight vows and thus
damaging the Bodhisattva discipline all
this I now confess spoiling the fourteen
root vows and the eight branch files of
the Vajra
I now confess the vows I have failed to
take and the on virtuous deeds I have
committed and I am pure conduct and my
enjoyment of wine and so on all the
faults which cannot be clearly described
in all the faults I cannot recognize as
false I know
confess having taken refuge files or
empowerment's without knowing how to
keep the commitment precepts and
subsequently having fallen from them
this I now confess as confession without
repentance is incomplete I now confess
all my previous faults from their very
depth like having eaten poison
I confess with shame and fear and great
repentance as confession without taking
for the commitment is incomplete I
commit myself from now on to abstain
from killing in all such unvirtuous
deeds by the blessing of the Sugata
Amitabha and his heirs
may I you know be completely purified to
develop heartfelt joy when one hears
about the virtuous deeds done by others
and to abandon the non virtue of
jealousy towards them is declared to be
a source of merit therefore I rejoice in
all virtue performed by noble beings as
well as ordinary beings I rejoice in all
the many deeds for the benefit of
sentient beings performed out of the
generation of the highest body mind I
rejoiced in the reversal of the ten
non-virtues into the ten virtues saving
others lives giving in charity and
keeping one's commitment speaking
reconciling conflicts speaking gently
and straightforwardly speaking what is
meaningful having small desire
meditating on loving-kindness and
compassion and practicing Dharma
activity in all these virtues I rejoiced
I enjoy all accomplished Buddhas of all
the myriad worlds of the ten directions
please turn without delay the wheel of
Dharma extensively as well as
expediently and by your super faculties
please reveal for all beings their
purpose I supplicate all Buddha's
Bodhisattvas Dharma upholders and
spiritual friends and intending to pass
beyond suffering please do not pass
beyond but remain in this world and I
virtue accumulated by this devotion in
all the virtue of the three times I
dedicated to the benefit of sentient
beings male beings quickly obtain the
highest enlightenment anime some Solara
of the three worlds be turned from its
depth may divert quickly ripen for me so
that the in fifteen kinds of untimely
death may not affect me may I remain
free from disease and may my body have
the strength of an adolescent may my
splendor never be exhausted but remain
as abundant as the river Ganga in the
rainy season may I perform the
activities of liberating Dharma
without being endangered by hostile
beings Mayall intentions I have in mind
be completely fulfilled in a Dharma way
may I accomplish great benefits for the
exposition of the Dharma and for all
beings may I accomplish this purpose of
this human existence the moment I and
all who are attached to me pass on from
this life may the emanation of Buddha
Amitabha surrounded by his mendicants
Sangha appear openly before us contend
with the joy of beholding him may we not
experience the suffering of death or
maybe a bodhisattva brothers
miraculously appear in the sky before me
and by their knowledge of the path to
Sukhavati may they guide us along that
path the suffering of the lower realms
is unbearable and the happiness of gods
and men is impermanent may this cause
fear to arise in me samsara has endured
from the beginningless time until now
may this cause sadness to arise in me
even transmigrating from human life to
human life enjoying the best of all
births countless times one must undergo
birth old age and death
this evil age is affected by impurities
and many obstacles the happiness and
contentment of even human beings and
gods is like food mixed with poison may
I be without even the slightest desire
for this relative's food wealth income
hands are like illusory like a dream may
I be without even the slightest desire
for this all countries places and homes
are like the lands and homes of a dream
may I recognize their lack of reality to
attain the purity of Sukhavati from the
inescapable ocean of samsara is like
being liberated from a prison of great
evil may I not look back towards samsara
to cut all snares of attachment is like
a vulture being liberated from a net may
i thus fly away towards the western sky
having traveled beyond innumerable
universes in an instant may I reach the
realm of Sukhavati there may I openly
behold the face of Buddha Amitabha and
may all my vales be purified may I take
the superior of the four modes of birth
the miraculous birth from the heart of a
lotus flower may I instantly obtain a
perfect body endowed with all the marks
and perfections for those who have doubt
or hesitation here in this life the
follower will not open for 500 years and
they will have to remain within fully
enjoying all bliss and contentment and
hearing his Buddha speech but unable to
behold his Buddha face may I not develop
this fault may my flower open instantly
upon my birth and may I
the face of Buddha Amitabha by the power
of my merit and magic ability may
offering cloud surpassing all
imagination emanate from my hands as
offerings to Buddha Amitabha and his
retinue at that moment neither taught to
God to stretch out his right hand and
touch my head and he stole my
enlightenment prophecy by listening to
his deep and extensive Dharma teachings
may my nature be ripened and liberated
may Avalokitesvara and vajrapani the two
principal Bodhisattvas accept me into
their blessings each day as innumerable
Buddha's and Bodhisattvas of the ten
directions approach the Buddha Amitabha
to make offerings and to behold his
realm may I through propitiation of all
these obtain their Dharma nectar by
unhindered projection one can reach the
realms of akinesia and okuda
karma party piranha and the Matala may I
every morning proceed to visit these
realms
meet the Buddha's are cobia rottenness
Imbaba a mocha city and viral china
obtain empowerment and
sings take vows and make many offerings
and then by the evening return without
effort or difficulty to Sukhavati may I
proceed to potala and Olivetti Kamara
and organ the billion realms of the
billion emanations of Avalokitesvara
antara Roger Pawnee and Padma Sam Baba
and meet them and make oceans of
offerings obtain empowerment's and
request profound teachings and quickly
without difficulty returned to my own
place Sukhavati with my supervision may
I clearly behold those close friends and
students I have left behind grant them
protection and blessings and lead them
towards this realm at the time of their
death the duration of this whole
fortunate ion is like a single day in
Sukhavati and the for innumerable ions
there is no death may I enter this realm
for all times from Buddha Maitreya until
Buddha mapa when during the fortunate
Aeon of the Buddha's appear in this
world may I miraculously proceed there
make offerings and listen to their
liberating Dharma and then again without
difficulty return to sukhavati all the
qualities of the 81 Buddha realms of all
the hundred thousand million Buddha's
are joined in sukhavati thus it is
unsurpassed the most noble of all
celestial realms there is the jewel
ground is smooth as the palm of the hand
spacious and radiant with beams of light
when it is pressed down it gives way
when it is lifted up it rises may I be
reborn in this lofty realm of
dull happiness they are wish-fulfilling
trees abound have different precious
materials with leaves of rokade and the
fruits of dual ornaments flocks of
emanation birds are perched on them
singing the teachings of the deep and
extensive Dharma may I be reborn in this
realm of great wonder there the rivers
flow with perfumed water having the
eight qualities and the nectar water of
the bathing ponds have the same
qualities the bathing stairs are tiled
with the seven precious stones and the
waters abound with lotus flowers
yielding fragrant fruits the lotus
blossoms radiate light beyond all limits
and each beam is on its point adorned
with illumination Buddha may I be reborn
in this realm of the greatest marvels
there the aid unfavorable conditions in
the misery of the lower realms is
unheard of the three or five emotional
poisons diseases demon enemies poppers
fight and quarrel and so on all such
suffering is unheard of may I be reborn
in this realm of great bliss there are
no sexes and nobody is born from a womb
all are born out of a lotus flower all
have faultless bodies of golden
complexion adorned with a crown
protrusion and so on all the marks
imperfections and all possess the five
super faculties and five eyes may I be
reborn in this realm of countless
qualities their palaces made of various
precious materials arise by themselves
all desirable enjoyments arise by the
thought power of the mind no exertion is
necessary all needs are spontaneously
fulfilled there is no distinction
between you and me because there is no
selfishness whatever one wants arises on
offering clouds from the palm of one's
hand all act according to the dharma of
the highest Mahayana may I be reborn in
this realm of all-pervading joy and
contentment there the fragrant breezes
bring great showers of flowers the trees
and rivers and lotus flowers all have
surpassingly lovely shapes sounds smells
tastes and touches offering clouds with
all sorts of enjoyments continuously
arise no women or men abide in that
realm but there are abundant emanation
gods and goddesses these gods and
goddesses of many distinctions are
continuously presenting offerings by the
wish to take rest a jeweled Palace
arises by the wish to lay down a jewel
throne with cushions and pillows of
various brocade appears by the wish to
listen the sound of birds and the
wish-fulfilling trees and all the rivers
offered Dharma praises by the wish for
silence no sound is heard the nectar
pools and rivers become warm or cold
upon one's wish may I be reborn in this
wish-fulfilling realm in this realm the
perfect Buddha Amitabha will reside for
countless eons without passing beyond
suffering when Amitabha has passed into
nirvana
there will be intermediate period of
Dharma exposition lasting as many aeons
as there are sand grains in the river
Ganga eventually the Dharma will decline
but then again arise when Avalokitesvara
attains enlightenment he will appear as
the Buddha ozr Koon a Papa at the time
of a king named
Tech during that time may I offer my
attendance and listen to the liberating
Dharma his lifespan will be one trillion
and sixty six hundred thousand eons
during that time may I offer continuous
service and propitiating and without
failure uphold the liberating Dharma
then Avila leaders faraway paths enter
Nirvana and during a period of 600
million and further three billion Aeons
the Dharma will be exposed by vajrapani
during that time may I remain
inseparable from vajrapani fighter pani
will then appear as the Buddha up to
Tampa at the time of a king named Yun
ten Norbert SEPA his lifespan will be of
the same duration as the lifespan at
Vavilov kita shuara during that time may
I offer continuous service and buy my
offerings be able to uphold the
liberating Dharma then may I instantly
transfer my life to another pure realm
to obtain the highest perfection of the
Buddha State having achieved the perfect
food estate may I like on mattias be
able to ripen and liberate all beings
just by hearing my name may I be able to
guide sentient beings by countless
emanations may I accomplish boundless
benefits for living beings effortlessly
and spontaneously Amitabha dharmakaya of
infinite brightness the unlimited
vitality merit quality awareness and
brilliance of the Tata
got bhagavad found list vitality and
awareness it is declared that whoever
takes refuge in your name will remain
protected from all threats of fire water
poison weapons notions temples and so on
except for already ripened accumulated
tendencies as I prostrate to the refuge
of your name please grant me your
protection against all fear and
suffering please bestow your blessing
for all auspiciousness everything in
plenty by the blessing of the certainty
of the three Buddha pious by the
blessing of the truth of the immutable
Dharma and by the blessing of the
guidance of the unfailing Sangha may
these aspirations be accomplished as
they have been offered so long life
prayers and victory and the yellow
prayer book page 18 I believe
okay so in Tibetan on 22
[Music]
Bonjour zone yah yah yah yah yah yah
yeah
yah yah yah yah yah yah
[Music]
yeah
yeah yeah
[Music]
yeah
Raja number 28
[Music]
yeah
Tom
[Music]
yeah
Oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
Oh
[Music]
yeah
No
all
it's on yours and your
[Music]
yeah
the
[Music]
some balloon a joke with a rock on it or
someone who Tashi Delek sure
Tashi Delek to all the Dharma friends
around the world who are following us on
the live stream well it's just so
wonderful to be able to finish another
auspicious winter teaching event with
our beloved Guardian rubbish a leading
the way and sharing his direct profound
experience and imparting these beyond
profound precious teachings to us all so
we thank you with our whole heart and
request that you have a very long life
and continue to guide us thank you for
him to say
and thank you songs are so cool Rinpoche
for being here and blessing us with your
presence and please come again
and thank you drew pond wrench and dorje
rinpoche for teaching and all of your
blessings with your practice and Thank
You Khenpo Tenzin for all your QA and
your wonderful teachings Thank You Lama
boo for all the beautiful tour m'as and
leading us in the practices in the
morning and evening and Lama boo-boo
Nima thank you so much for leading us in
the practices in the morning and evening
and thank you Ani sumptin for watching
rims JS every move and thank you ami dog
me for being here and all your wonderful
health so we would like to thank the
volunteers and everybody who made this
event possible by pitching in and
working so hard and it was really a
harmonious wonderful retreat so we thank
everybody for their great effort and
wonderful attitude and really practicing
so well so we have to start with the
kitchen because we wouldn't all be still
standing without Romy and when she so
big thank you to the car and Ally
nor me when she and Ellie so if you're
in the kitchen please come in and
receive a gift from Rinpoche and thank
you gift and so on II dog may please
come up and thank you so much for all
your help with the tour Mo's and the
long-life ceremony and Barbara the
flower Dakini where's Barbara yes please
come up and yawn for all of your
wonderful video work keeping everything
going and Elijah did Elijah leave oh
good here the cups yay maybe come if
their life is here
please come oh yeah and James the closer
you can go to Juanita she's gonna give
the gifts there and James for all of his
errands he ran every single day for us
who's the real lifesaver thank heaven
Kevin are you here and Steve our hot
water of man Steve Fantasia is tisha and
Jordan our bookstores Dhaka Andrew
and Rita UN and blue t-shirt Zaki Monica
Monica here there's there she is and
Cara
all right here and Robert yogi Bob
Robert and Nick Maxfield it's Nick here
and of course Diane wonderful Thursday
and great for all your choking help
thank you dear and then Helen with her
great tea service it's hell in here
Helen please come in from the kitchen
Oh is she here perfect and the FISA
Smiley FISA yay
and then Elizabeth and Darcy and
tomorrow thank you for all your help
with the tea service and then then there
are a few people that have already left
so Rocco we thank him so much for all of
his for all of his Chinese translation a
lot of hard work there and thank you for
to Terri she was here in the beginning
and the bookstore and Aurora and hey
soos so thank you so much they had to
leave we hope you'll all come again our
upcoming next programs are the Guru of
the shaver Treat in March 13th to the
15th and then there's March 22nd to 21st
to the 22nd is lappam Barbra doop waz
retreat on her new book that's just
coming out on the 37 bodhisattva
practices so it's an incredible
commentary and so that'll be happening
in March and please everyone pick up a
schedule in the hallway of course we'll
be super busy in February with Yamantaka
so we hope to see you all again here
very very soon and thank you all so much
yeah
I was asked to tell you all the gifts
that you were given the volunteers it's
not a coaster okay I was specifically
told to tell you that okay also tonight
there will be no white Terra and
obviously the interviews which were
supposed to begin at 5:30 won't they
will begin later we'll see how long it
takes okay and one last thank you to ena
for all of her hard work she's hanging
on by a thin thread and she did a great
job
[Applause]